# ANALYSIS-OF-DATASET-1-BY-Group-4
Abstruct:
This project is designed to find the regional distribution of cancer patients and the impact of age on incident rate and death rate. We're going to do a brief introduction to cancer at first. We choose the three types of data of the United States about cancer, which are incident rate, death rate, and incident rate by different age. Those are all reliable and good data and examples to do this project. Then, we will use R to make the plots and compare those and calculate these data to find the relationship between age, cancer incidence, and death caused by cancer. Then, we will introduce how we use R code and why we use those to get the result. Finally, we're going to summarize the result and make a conclusion.
Introduction:
Cancer is a serious disease that threatens human life and it's been bothering people for years. Cancer has no limitation, which can start anywhere in the body and it's hard for humans to detect. When humans get cancer, it can affect the normal operation and metabolism of cells and cause eventual death.
The United States is a cancer-stricken country and a good example for us to do the research. In this project, we will analyze the information and the relationship between the cancer incident rate and death rate. The data provide us the recent five-year information, we will start to analyze the distribution of the incident and death rate in different counties and we will focus on the effect of age on cancer incidence and mortality of cancer patients since we find age is one of the most significant factors of cancer.  Moreover, We're going to compare whether the incidence goes up or down as humans gets older,  or vice versa. As countries get richer, more people will develop lifestyle-related cancers than poverty-related cancers. Therefore, it is very necessary to do research on this. Furthermore, we will compare the data and see whether the death rate is decreasing that shows the treatment of cancer is better and better or there is no progress. We hope that these studies will lead to more intuitive data and also help people reduce or prevent cancer.
